Now, let's look into the structure of the graphnodes,
let's open up graphnode.h.
Again, we have a distinction between data handles which are
owned and which are not owned and for these data handles,
the node will be responsible in terms of allocating memory and de-allocating memory.
So childEdges, this is something which is responsible for and parentEdges,
this is something which is not going to be responsible for.
As I see it now in the student version,
the Edges are owned absolutely by chatlogic,
and chatlogic is storing the Edges as well as the nodes in a vector.
Later on when you have finished the final version of the project,
the Edges will or some Edges,
the childEdges at least,
they will be owned by a graphnode.
This comment already relates to this future relationship but for now,
Edges are managed in chatlogic.
Okay, what else? We have a handle to the chatBot.
This is going to be null or null pointer if
the chatBot is not currently residing within this node.
As soon as it is assigned to this node,
this is going to be a valid memory address and when
chatBot moves away, it's invalidated again.
Apart from that, we have some proprietary numbers here.
We have an id which is also loaded from the answergraph.txt file,
and we have a list of answers which comes from the same file.
Actually, we allow for multiple answers.
In the current example, we only have a single answer per node but you can easily add,
let's say two or three or more answers and you could randomize what the chatBot,
for example, say it says to make it not so predictable.
So just for the fun of it,
you could try to add a few more answers and see what happens.
We have some getter and setter functions.
We have, of course, constructor destructor for this class,
and we have some proprietary functions here.
We can add a token which has a helper function to add a new token to this element here.
A token would be an answer.
We can add an Edge to the parent node.
We can add an Edge to the child node,
and this is enclosed by a student code indicator.
We can move the chatBot here.
So we pass a handle to the chatBot and we move it here,
and we will shortly see how this is going to
work in the current student version of the code.